Second paper draft (#329)
larq/larq: paper/paper.md

$$
x_q = q(x), \quad x_q \in \{-1, +1\}, x \in \mathbb{R}
$$

`larq` is built around the concept of quantizers $q(x)$ and quantized layers that compute

$$
\sigma(f(q_{\, \mathrm{kernel}}(\boldsymbol{w}), q_{\, \mathrm{input}}(\boldsymbol{x})) + b)
$$

with full precision weights $\boldsymbol{w}$, arbitrary precision input $\boldsymbol{x}$, layer operation $f$ (e.g. $f(\boldsymbol{w}, \boldsymbol{x}) = \boldsymbol{x}^T \boldsymbol{w}$ for a densely-connected layer), activation $\sigma$ and bias $b$.
$q_{\, \mathrm{kernel}}$ and $q_{\, \mathrm{input}}$ are quantizers that define an operation for quantizing a kernel and inputs, respectively, and a pseudo-gradient used for automatic differentiation so that operations of the layer can be executed in reduced precision. The source code and documentation be found at [github.com/larq/larq](https://github.com/larq/larq) and [larq.dev](https://larq.dev) respectively.

While `larq` can be used to train networks with arbitrary bit-widths, it provides tools specifically designed to aid in BNN development, such as specialized optimizers, training metrics, and profiling tools.

# Wncouraging reproducible reseach with `larq/zoo`

> 

Reviewer: Typo - Wncouraging

bibliography: paper.bib
---

# Introduction

Bringing the power of deep learning outside of data centers can transform society: self-driving cars, mobile-based neural networks, and autonomous drones all have the potential to revolutionize everyday lives.
However, existing neural networks that use 32 bits to encode each weight and activation have an energy budget which is far beyond the scope of many of these applications. One common way to improve computational efficiency is to reduce the precision of the network to 16-bit or 8-bit, also known as quantization.

> Binarized Neural Networks (BNNs) represent an extreme case of quantized networks, that cannot be viewed as approximations to real valued networks and therefore require special tools and optimization strategies [@bop]. In these networks both weights and activations are restricted to $\{-1, +1\}$ [@binarynet]. Compared to an equivalent 8-bit quantized network BNNs require 8 times less memory and can lead to a theoretical 64 times speedup when deployed on optimized hardware.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Binarized Neural Networks (BNNs) represent an extreme case of quantized networks, that cannot be viewed as approximations to real valued networks and therefore requires special tools and optimization strategies [@bop]. In these networks both weights and activations are restricted to $\{-1, +1\}$ [@binarynet]. Compared to an equivalent 8-bit quantized network BNNs require 8 times less memory and can lead to a theoretical 64 times speed-up when deployed on optimized hardware.
```
